OSDOCS#6057: Authenticating cert-manager Operator on the GCP (without workload identity) (#60433)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-authenticate-non-sts-gcp.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cert-manager-authenticate-non-sts-gcp"]

> = Authenticating the {cert-manager-operator} without GCP Workload Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Authenticating the {cert-manager-operator} on GCP
```

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cert-manager-authenticate-non-sts-gcp

toc::[]

> You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} without GCP Security Token Service (STS). You can prepare and then configure cloud credentials for the {cert-manager-operator} on GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure cloud credentials for the {cert-manager-operator} on a GCP cluster. The cloud credentials will be generated by OpenShift Cloud Credential Operator running on the cluster.
```
